[Music]
i'm glad you're back
i'm just gonna take some time getting
used to
you just gotta get yourself back out
there
palmer you were all usa player two years
in a row riverside
yes sir the whole life's changed
[Music]
that boy that's sam
his mama took off he'll be staying with
us till she's back
you know you're a boy right yeah
do you know when my mama's coming back
he's gonna have to go in the system
[Music]
there's something seriously wrong with
that kid would you
set me free how did you end up in prison
don't matter i did what i did
bulk of what you did today
[Music]
listen to me son kids are mean
especially when they see something that
they ain't used to seeing
you ain't nothing but a criminal you got
no right looking after any child
there's things in this world you can be
and there's things that you can't
how many boys do you see on that show
none what does that tell you that i can
be the first
chick get some treats
truth is i haven't felt like i was good
at anything
until sam
[Music]
[Applause]
shelley came back
[Music]
i can't abandon that boy
i will not abandon that boy
i heard y'all had a little tea party the
other day oh yeah careful palmer it's
hot
pinkies please
real good
you are one of those lucky people that
can travel anywhere
yes ma'am and i sometimes call you
nomads
my mom says that's your homeless is that
true no
i'm not homeless i'm just houseless
not the same thing right no
my husband worked at the usg mine in
empire
i was a substitute teacher it is a tough
time right now
you may want to consider early
retirement i need work
i like work
welcome to badlands spa
what the nomads are doing is not that
different than what the pioneers did
make the hole bigger i think fern's part
of an american tradition oh
he's gonna come right through the class
my dad used to say
what's remembered lives i maybe spent
too much of my life
just remembering
one of the things i love most about this
life
is that there's no final goodbye
i've met hundreds of people out here
and then don't ever say a final goodbye
let's just say oh i'll see you down the
road
[Music]
and i do i see them again
and i can be certain in my heart
[Music]
i'll see you again
why do you wear that mask
so you can see who i am
you don't shame on us
look after each other okay man you
[Music]
society put us in a hole
freedom that's what we want
you got this i got it
i'm your search
why didn't you come back i'm searched
for you for ages
if you knew me you just wouldn't want me
[Music]
mom doesn't want to see you why would
she
you just like the old man what else is
gonna end up in the box
and it ain't me
everyone can see who you are you want me
to kill him
you don't go hardcore
you're gonna take me
[Music]
lieutenant thomas harp do you know why
you're here
no no captain no captain
only two people here know who and what i
am
i don't have any specialist training as
a field agent
don't worry i'm special enough for both
of us
he's not like us he's stronger faster
smarter
what's wrong you scared
many moons ago a nameless evil was
imprisoned in a place
far beyond reach hurry
up if he were ever to be released
it would spell certain doom for all
existence
is that fear i smell
your planet will be torn to pieces and i
will we need your black screams as i
earned
is this yours um
[Music]
oh my god the gem of brexit
whoever wields it is able to command me
go over there
and wait first to come back in the
morning you will suffer an eternity for
this
[Music]
mom dad i want you to meet psycho gorman
or pg for short i will bathe in your
blood
don't worry be worried
he's gonna kill everybody not unless i
tell him
[Music]
what did you three maniacs get up to um
this is getting a little weird
this sick game must come to an end
she will enslave the galaxy into endless
servitude
kill him cool
the ultimate evil has awoken
[Music]
there's a new god in town and his name
psycho gorman
it was nice meeting you it would be
nicer if you were dead
all right bye
are you wearing a sweater and shorts
what why are you wearing pants pops you
can wear
shorts in a sweater that doesn't make
any sense wear pants and a shirt
hey mike you got that
pops i'm telling you i'm nice on the
board your knights on the board when you
start talking like that
you already know what you should do
don't
look i'm going to go to college i'm also
going to skate
yo mikey what's up bro your focus is
going to be on college
actually felt kind of nice it did didn't
yeah
that shiner serious next time i'm gonna
beat that kids out
is that how you fight don't you have
water polo practice
i actually just quit i just gotta focus
on one thing you know and what's that
i'm gonna be a pro skater wow that's
cool
everybody talks about how you're good at
skating it also has a tiny penis i know
you have a small penis i could see it in
your shorts i can see you look
at my dick
straight punch good all right good now
move your head nothing new
i got to focus on skating you need
structure so
trash what was that
what was that so little time
and so much so much to do
[Music]
you gotta take care of us all right
a lot of try to go pro end
up working at like a skate shop or some
[Music]
so much
don't let last year define who you are
this year start new
start fresh you know i can't work out
during ramadan
i'm just not in the mood to be around
happy people this is cal
this is mo my best friend he's a doctor
did i mention he's a single doctor
not jinx this thing that isn't even a
thing so you are interested i'm not
saying that
what are you gonna snap out of this
horrible funk you've been in it's been
nearly a year
how often are you two breaking fast i
don't know
like every night every
[Music]
you mean to tell me your immigrant
mother would allow you to be like this
and have no
opinion about it my immigrant mother is
nothing like what you see on tv
what i know is that a gayer muslim guy
in weho probably knows what it's like to
have people make assumptions
[Applause]
you always spin things in a way that
ignores what's wrong
i like you what do you like about me
just be open be
i'm honest
you deserve to be loved
[Music]
isn't that such a mystery
you can't mention simulation theory
without mentioning the matrix movies
people were going crazy over it the
matrix
was real
[Applause]
we are living in a simulation we are
being inhabited by
some sort of player it's a game
a world without rules and controls
what's the point of all this
everyone is faking i am not a body at
all
i am the code i am a string of numbers
constantly replicating it some vibration
i'm gonna show these people what you
don't want them to see
i don't know what to say whatever comes
to mind
[Music]
well let's start with what you remember
then
do you recall anything i was in the
woods there was a man
chasing me and no one believes
[Music]
and it me me question whether it's just
in my head
even though i know it's real
do you think it's possible that you
might be projecting your own fears
[Music]
my dad says we don't live in america we
live in texas
i got narcos and smugglers on my
property every day
drugs and guns in our backyard
saving the ranch is not your job this is
our home
get the hell off our land i don't want
to lose it
we're just passing by we want no trouble
are you over
here
[Music]
this ain't fair they were on our land
shot a boy in the back hey
hey how dare you chase our son off
mexico like he's some criminal things
can get a lot worse
tell him to come home no father should
bury his son
my father
sometimes you have to close your eyes
and start over
to see things clearly
those today's
i don't know if i can fix what i did
down here
but i gotta try chase
every once in a while i just wake up in
bed he's there
he talks to me when you
summon satar he will turn his attention
to you submit yourself
for he is a consuming crier
fall upon the face of the forest
shall tremble for sailors
eyes are in every place
uh
oh your dog's gone
what's going on with you brother
shader has searched you
there is nothing covered up that will
not be revealed
what can't be seen in the dark
can be shown in the light
hahaha
can you imagine how your life would be
if you couldn't say what you wanted
[Music]
makes a map of his mind it's kind of
poetry
how do i see the world
for me the details jump straight out
[Music]
inside my head there isn't really such a
big difference between what i was told
just now
and what i heard a long time ago
my mind is forever swaying
this way and that
i've tried to stop her from being
herself
i think we can change the conversation
around autism
by being part of the conversation
right now joss is having a joy that i
will never come close to
[Music]
to live my life as a human being
nothing is more important than being
able to express myself
[Music]
you